AST-3477 - Padding issue for above header responsive devices (#5386)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: Header-Footer Builder - Social - Background spacing issue breaking UI in customizer preview.
- Fix: Block Editor - After WordPress 6.3 compatibility title visibility SVG icon jerks on page load with slow networks.
- Fix: Site Identity - Logo Width sizes not working as expected in the customizer preview.

> - Fix: Above Header - Padding left & right not applying on frontend & in the customizer preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Above Header - Left & Right spacing does not apply on frontend & in the customizer preview.
```
